All right, so now that we got the idea of how the chain really works.
But now what if I wanted to chain two chains together?
Like I wanted to do something like this?
If I want to go back here, um, as I told you, we have got this, uh, this particular runnables over
here, and we wanted to get the output from this particular runnable to another runnable.
Or maybe we can just name this as a, uh, chain.
So this is chain number one, and I wanted to output this to the chain number two to perform certain
operation.
So how can I actually do that.
So that is what we are going to be discussing in this particular lecture.
So if I wanted to do this over here so how do I actually do it.
Well if you see we need to create two chains here right.
Like one is the chain with the template and a large language model.
And that is going to be another chain with a template with another large language model.
But what is the purpose really?
So for for instance, let's say we get this, uh, this output from this particular chain, which is
going to look something like this as we are seeing over here.
So let's say in another chain that I wanted to do is that I wanted to just get the headings of this
particular, um, particular response instead of getting the descriptions.
So you see that we have got so many descriptions over here, but I just wanted to say like summarize
the the details with just the, with the headings, instead of having me all these like descriptions
over here, I don't really want the description, I just want the key bullet points over here.
So how do I actually do that?
Well, I need to create two chains in this, uh, purpose in this point over here.
So the first, uh, is going to be, uh, Let's say I put a text over here.
The first one is going to be getting the entire output or the response.
And the second, second one second chain is going to be basically doing a summarization of the response.
So that is what is going to be doing the second chain for me.
And now I can get the response out from one chain, pass it to another chain, and then we can get the
response.
And you see that we are getting we are passing two things over here to get this happen.
So let's see how we can actually achieve that over there.
So I'm going to be probably creating another markdown over here.
And I'm going to say um chaining multiple chains over here.
And, and now I'm going to put the code block over here.
And guess what.
I'm going to copy the same code.
Paste it over here.
Um, and we don't really have to print this particular value.
So this is going to be the first change, right.
So I'm going to say this is going to be chain one which is going to perform this particular operation.
So I'm going to probably say uh, chain one for that matter.
Maybe this is going to be the um, the detailed, uh, response chain.
And then we're also going to have a summary chain, and we can just get rid of this one at the moment,
because we don't even need that over here.
This is first chain and I'm going to create the second chain.
But before I create, uh, the second chain, I also need to create probably what is called as the um,
the message, the chat prompt template.
So I'm going to create the template over here.
So I'm just going to say uh, so this is the prompt template.
And I'm gonna say probably the headings uh info uh template uh, over here.
And then I'm going to call chat prompt template.
And over here in the chat prompt template this time I'm just I'm not going to pass like the system message
or user message something like that.
I don't want to do it, but instead I'm just going to say here analyze the response and get me just
the headings response.
Look at that.
I'm passing the response as a variable this time like an input variable this time, because now I need
to pass this chains input as the I mean this chains output as the input for this particular chain over
here.
That's the reason why I need an input variable here.
And then I'm also going to say probably response should be in bullet points so that I can have it in
a more detailed fashion.
Probably.
Cool.
So that is going to be my, uh, that is going to be my template that I'm creating the chat prompt template
over here.
Right.
And now I can create the chaining over here.
So I'm going to say uh chain.
This is going to be chain with a heading.
So this is the second chain that I'm creating.
And over here see that's the beauty going to happen over here.
So I need to pass the the output of this particular chain as an input to this particular chain.
So if I wanted to do it so how do I actually do it.
Well in order for me to do that actually I'm going to get the output of this particular detailed response.
So I'm just going to say this particular response, I can store it in a variable and do it, but I don't
want to do it right now as a variable.
Rather, I can just pass it as a dictionary like response.
Remember, this particular chat prompt template is looking for a response coming out from the from the
from the first chain.
So I'm going to create like a, like an dictionary over here.
And I'm going to say detailed response chain.
So basically the the output of this detailed response chain is going to be set into this particular
variable response over here.
And that's going to be the first chain that we have got.
And then I'm going to pass it to the heading info template.
And that is going to pass all the way to the LM.
And then it is going to be passing it to the string output parser over here.
Look at that.
How many chains that we have did this time one, two, three and four chains that we have did over here.
And look at that.
That's the beauty over here.
With the chaining mechanism, we could able to get the response from this detailed response chain,
pass it to a variable which is going to be response chain.
Now that is going to be the input for the heading info template, because it has the response which
it is looking for in this particular template.
So it can now process it and then it can uh, create the template and then pass it to the large language
model.
And then the large language model can output it the response into the string output parser, which the
string output parser can print it out.
Amazing.
And now of course we need to pass this env.
Right.
So how do I actually pass it.
Well you have to do this of course.
So because this is an again this chain with heading is also a runnable type.
We can call the invoke method.
And over here I can just pass the env.
And I can just say local machine.
Look at me how I'm doing with multiple chaining mechanism and how that is going to be the response.
And I can just print the response.
And I'm going to see how that is going to look like.
So let's print the response that's going to be the multiple chain for us guys.
And let's see what's really going to happen over here.
Ah look at that.
The there is some problem in this particular chat prompt template.
Oh sorry.
Look at that.
I missed this from template method which we have to use.
And now let's try to run this.
So what is going to happen this time is going to be the first output of the chain is going to be stored
in the response variable.
And then that is going to go as an input to the heading info template.
And it's going to pass to the LM.
It's going to get the response out.
So now you look at that.
We have got an amazing, uh heading response coming up for us over here.
So this is how we can do chaining of multiple chains.